this is a web exclusive it's going okay
I'm not panicking yet I can't stress how
hard is and how frustrating is generally
I'd consider myself quite patient but
there's times already where my patience
is being really tested I think me and
Harry get on really well they dynamic
it's perfect I say what she needs to do
she does what I say her to herself
perfectly Sarah think about it I try to
take small parts of the routine and do
the moves over and over and over again I
until the actual sink into the body so
it's kind of very repetitive process you
just have to go over things so slowly
you get to a new point in the dance
anything right okay we can move on and
it'll just be one tiny step anything
okay fine that's easy just a step but it
will take half an hour to even come
close to getting it because you'll move
and you've gotta have a straight leg
I'll be back next thing you're in a
position where you can it feels like
it's impossible to even stand up I think
for her it's very hard to train because
he's also so difficult on himself which
in a way makes my job easier just teach
him the best way I can and he really
tries to do his best without me
you know like being too hard on him
because he's already hard on himself
despite the the frustration and the
problems and having trying to dance I am
enjoying it and getting on really well
with Alyona so they're just perseverance
is the key